LA 88 segment md5 override (#5514)
ethyca/fides: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Added namespace support for Snowflake [#5486](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5486)
- Added support for field-level masking overrides [#5446](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5446)

> - Added MD5 Hashing Request Override for segment Right to forget endpoint [#5514](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5514)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added MD5 email hashing for Segment's Right to Forget endpoint requests [#5514](https://github.com/ethyca/fides/pull/5514)
```
